Now let's try to apply some styling with this H1.
I will say style tag, first of all.
And inside.
Let me give each one and the color blue.
As you can see, the header section, each one turned blue, but at the same time, the one inside the
component is also blue.
I want them to be red.
So let's go to the component.
And inside the tick I will say style.
And let me end the style tag here.
And here each one.
And let's say I want the color red.
So I'll say color colon red.
Now the problem begins.
As you can see, the main header section, each one is also read.
So what is the problem?
The problem is the main page and the component at the moment is part of the DOM, which is a common
scope.
So style is applied kind of globally.
Ideally the component should have its own scope, or in other words, it should have its own dom which
does not clash with the page dom in which it is added.
And to make its own dom, you need to use the shadow dom.
Shadow Dome is a way to provide encapsulation to the web component or in other words, shadowed arm
is a way to provide separate hidden dom to web components.
That is the web components own dom.
So let's practically add shadow dom in the current code to solve this existing problem where the CSS
is shared across the very same scope.